okay we have finally finished our luck
extension and you see in the before
picture but look how beautiful these
locks are they looked so real that no
one can tell that its extension and this
is how your locks are supposed to be now
someone asks the other day about doing
straight lines we really do not do
straight lines that Ronnie's artistic
hands we bricklayer by that way your
hair is packed
after getting knock extension you should
not have a lot of demarcation lines so
what we do we cover the lines by
bricklayer in it we have covered the
lines his locks are the same consistency
as you can see the same ones same sizing
and it looks very bad when locks are
different sizes now I did also get a
question about interlocking and palm
ruling with the lock extension you do
have two palm rule for a considerably
long time the reason why is because once
your palm rule is here we really can't
do that right now because it's lots of
tight once you palm roll it it would
palm rule right into his natural hair
like this so when his hair grows out it
grows into the locks by that way they
both look consistent you have a straight
line going right into his hair if you do
interlock it it is not gonna look real
so interlocking it is just for a couple
of months after when his hair has grown
to a considerably longer length like two
inches or so and then you would
interlock his
real hair so this is it our client is
very pleased are you pleased getting
your locks done by Ronnie's artistic
hands great this is one of our client
from YouTube and I'm very happy and
you're gonna see him posting some signs
of there he may even post a picture so
if you want your luck extension to look
real if you want it to be soft and
pliable cuz people are asking and saying
that they cannot even pull back the heel
but notice the pliability look how it
bends look how it moves and it's still a
little bit firm because we just had it
done after a couple of shampoos this
hair is gonna be soft it's gonna be
bouncy and it will look so real that
everyone would ask him who did is here
we are located in Atlanta you can fly in
we can find you accommodation you can
come and tickle or classes and learn to
better your best if you are sitting in
the salon and you do not know how to use
to do LOC extension please take our
class you will know how to give the
clients the very very best and your
clients will be your walking
advertisement we are in Stone Mountain
our number is six seven eight three six
five seven one six six give us a call
have a good evening bye